# autovax
Setup guide:
1. Download Python and install pip from this link: https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-394/. Here is a direct link to the installer you need if your computer uses Windows: https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.9.4/python-3.9.4-amd64.exe. I do not know what web browser people use, but in general if a box comes up saying something along the lines of "Save or Run," you'll want to click "Run." On Chrome, you will want to click the box that appears in the lower left part of your screen. On Firefox, you want to click "Save," then use the File Explorer to do to "Downloads"(Double click the blue arrow that says "Downloads" next to it in the left hand part of the File Explorer Window). Then, double click python-3.9.4-amd64. Click "Next" until "Finish" appears, then press "Finish."
2. Then, download this computer code. You can do that by pressing the green button on this page and clicking "Download as zip".
3. Unzip this code by right clicking the zip file that was downloaded(it should have appeared in the same spot as that python-3.9.4-amd64 file from earlier) and then move your mouse over "7Zip" and then click "Extract Here".
4. Go to the folder that was just made
5. Right click on "install.ps1", then click "Run with Powershell." Type "Y" and press enter when the big piece of text warning you about scripts comes up. Don't worry, you are only allowing this code to install some Python Code that it needs to work properly. There are 2 things that it is installing, both of them are safe(I even installed them on my own computer). The first is called "Selenium", it lets the computer code open your web browser and click stuff to make the appointment. The other is called "GuerillaMail," which creates a temporary Walmart account for you.
6. Then, right click "get_appointment.ps1" and click "Run with Powershell." If the warning comes up again, type "Y" and press enter. After that, the code should ask you for your name and when you would like it to schedule the appointment. Once the time you specified comes, Firefox will open on your computer and an appointment will automatically be made. I reccommend not touching anything while the web browser is open, as this can confuse the code and make it not work.

Don't book appointments in this without putting the correct information in pateint_info.json first or without making sure you are actually eligible first! Also please correct any errors this makes on the appointment form

NRV Sign-up coming soon
